Add physics for two-phase mixture flow (#27517)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/physics/WCNSFVTurbulencePhysics.md

!syntax description /Physics/NavierStokes/Turbulence/WCNSFVTurbulencePhysics

## Mixing length turbulence model

See the [mixing length theory page](rans_theory.md) for additional information.

If the turbulence model is selected to be the mixing-length model, a field variable representing the mixing length
is computed using the [WallDistanceMixingLengthAux.md].

The turbulent dynamic viscosity is then computed using a [MixingLengthTurbulentViscosityFunctorMaterial.md].
The following kernels are then added:

- [INSFVTurbulentDiffusion.md] to the flow equation if the flow equations are being solved
- [WCNSFVMixingLengthEnergyDiffusion.md] to the fluid energy equation if the fluid energy equation is being solved
- [INSFVMixingLengthScalarDiffusion.md] to the scalar transport equations if the scalar transport is being solved

!alert note

> These kernels are only added if each of these equations are being defined using a `Physics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These kernels are only added if each of these equations are being defined using their respective `Physics`.
```
I might also link to the respective physics for full clarity
